Build deps - adding build number to python&golang dependency containers (#122)
Microsoft/presidio: docs/development.md

## Development notes

> - Set version numbers:

Reviewer: Is it mandatory or optional?

Author: for dev, it should be, otherwise, you'll end up with 'latest'
thoughts?

Author: fixed, added "optional" information

    ```sh

>     $ export PRESIDIO_LABEL=[version number]

Reviewer: by saying `version number` do you mean `label`? I mean in docker terminology

Author: should be label, you're right

    $ export PRESIDIO_DEPS_LABEL=[version number]
    ```
- Set registry name:
    ```sh
    $ export DOCKER_REGISTRY=[registry login server]
    ```
- Build the bins with `make build`

> - Build the basecontainers with `make docker-build-deps DOCKER_REGISTRY=${DOCKER_REGISTRY} PRESIDIO_DEPS_LABEL=${PRESIDIO_DEPS_LABEL}`

Reviewer: Is registry mandatory? are there any defaults to mention?

Author: the default is ours, i think it should be removed from code. 
thoughts?

Author: fixed, added "optional" information

> - Build the basecontainers with `make docker-build-deps DOCKER_REGISTRY=${DOCKER_REGISTRY} PRESIDIO_DEPS_LABEL=${PRESIDIO_DEPS_LABEL}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Build the base containers with `make docker-build-deps DOCKER_REGISTRY=${DOCKER_REGISTRY} PRESIDIO_DEPS_LABEL=${PRESIDIO_DEPS_LABEL}`
```
